# gRPC Adapter Writeup

## Setup Steps
The setup commands provided in the [adapter template repo](https://github.com/SGNL-ai/adapter-template) are incorrect, specifically those used to change the module. The following 2 commands should be run instead:
```
sed -e 's,^module github\.com/sgnl-ai/adapter-template,module github.com/your-org/your-repo,' -i go.mod
```
for updating the module file and
```
sed -e 's,sgnl-ai/adapter-template,your-org/your-repo,' -i cmd/adapter/main.go
```
for updating the module name in main.go.

## Test Cases 1 and 2
To solve for the first 2 test cases, required simply modifying the adapter code to

 1. Accept the first test case
 2. Reject the second test case with the correct error message
 
 To do this, the changes involved required removing basic authentication with username and password (since that was not in scope for this api's usage on both http and grpc) and to then add appropriate error handling for an Empty Token (again modifying the default fallback to basic auth).

## Test Case 3
For this step, we needed to add pagination support to an API which does not natively support it. As such, we needed to modify the code just after SCAFFOLDING #17-1 when we set the Object and NextCursor
 for the response. This can be done by taking a subarray of the objects array generated by the HTTP request and then taking a slice of size PageSize * Cursor to get the starting index. We then read in 1 page worth of data (so taking a slice of (index : index + PageSize). Note that we need to case on several parameters including a partial page (less than the full page size number of items). We also need to keep these facts in mind for the nextCursor value (returning "" for NextCursor when we have no more values left to return).

## Code Style
I wasn't sure how I was supposed to style my code, so I have written it in a manner which I find acceptable in my VS Code environment.